= SimpleAceInput

A drop in solution for turning any +textarea+ into an ACE editor via simple_form.

== Install

Put this line in your Gemfile:
  gem 'simple_ace_input'

Then bundle:
  % bundle


== Configuring

The primary consideration relates to how you want to handle loading the javascript files, as it relates to the Asset Pipeline.

For the whole kit and kaboodle add the following to your application.js:
    //= require simple_ace_input

For a minimally viable setup (no modes or themes) add the following to your application.js:
    //= ace/ace
    //= simple_ace_input/controller

Then add only the modes and themes you want:
    //= ace/mode-css
    //= ace/mode-solarized-dark

Another option and one worth considering (b/c ACE is quite large) is only loading the scripts on pages where ACE is actually needed.

Make sure they get precompiled by adding something like the following to your <tt>production.rb</tt> file:
    config.assets.precompile += ['ace/*.js', 'simple_ace_input']

If you only want to precompile the mode, theme and keybinding files you can use a proc like this:
    config.assets.precompile += [Proc.new{ |path| File.basename(path, '.js' ) =~ /^(keybinding-|mode-|theme-)\w+$/ }]

Lastly, if you're implementing this in an engine, you can designate the assets to be precompiled via an initializer placed in the <tt>engine.rb</tt> file:
    initializer :assets, group: :all do |app|
      app.config.assets.precompile += [...]
    end


== Usage

Just designate a textarea input <tt>as: :ace</tt>.

    <%= simple_form_for @user do |f| %>
      <%= f.input :code, as::ace %>
    <% end %>

=== Options

Set the <tt>mode</tt>, <tt>theme</tt>, and <tt>height</tt> by passing them as <tt>data-</tt> attributes.
    data: { ace_mode: 'html', ace_theme: 'carto_light', ace_height: '600' }

=== Notes

I have not included any of the worker functionality in this gem because I have found it to be a bit finicky and more trouble than it's worth.

== TODOs

* This gem has zero testing coverage.  {SAD TROMBONE}[http://www.sadtrombone.com/]

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Brian McNabb. See MIT_LICENSE for further details.